This Python script is a GUI application built with the Python library tkinter. The core functionality is to track and analyze collected data. It includes the use of Bayesian, Frequency, Time-Adjusted Frequency, Markov Chain, and LSTM (Long-Short Term Memory) methods for predictions. 

Review of the given code suggests that it's quite extensive and structured. Here you have taken care to employ all popular predictive approaches including LSTM. You also have saved past data using pickling so that the history can be searched for any analysis. The structure of this code is clear as you have divided all the tasks into separate functions.

Here are some improved suggestions:

1. Do not put heavy processing tasks (like `predict` function with LSTM model) inside UI callback methods: UI codes should be light and fast. Compute-intensive tasks may block the UI thread and make the program unresponsive. You can move these tasks to back-end services or threads.

2. Error Handling: The `predict` function should handle exceptions in a more user-friendly way. Instead of just printing the error message to the console, you can display the error message in GUI for better communication with the user.

```
except Exception as e:
    messagebox.showerror("Error", str(e)) # Display the exception error message in a messagebox for better UX.
```

3. Code Comments: Add more descriptive comments to your code. This increases the readability and understandability of the code for any new developers or for future reference.

4. Proper Indentations & Consistency: Follow consistent style guides and naming conventions (like PEP-8), use clear variable names, maintain proper indentation throughout the file. Although your code seems well-laid and relatively easy to follow, these are the general tips relevant to most coding scripts. 

5. Unit Testing: Consider writing tests for your code, especially for data transformations and predictions, so that if any part of the code is broken in the future, you can easily catch it.

6. Further modularize the code: Though your code is already quite well divided into functions, there is always a scope for better modular structure. Group related functionality into classes or modules to provide a better structure and more maintainability.

7. Import optimization: Format the imports according to PEP-8, which encourages the imports to be grouped into standard library imports, related third-party imports and local application/library-specific imports with a blank line between each group of imports.

But, this is a sufficiently advanced script as not everyone who builds a GUI goes as far as integrating predictive computations all on their own. So you have developed a mature script undoubtedly.
